Add support for installing third party software on EC2 (#63)
1debit/alternat: README.md

}
```

> The `nat_instance_user_data_post_install` variable in allows for the optional installation of third-party software on the NAT EC2 instance, by defining a shell script that is executed after the main configuration has been installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `nat_instance_user_data_post_install` variable allows you to run an additional script to be executed after the main configuration has been installed.
```
